c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.dll.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.ApiData.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Data.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.ApiData.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Data.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Service.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Repository.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Service.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Repository.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApi\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.dll.config
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.API1.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.ApiData.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Data.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Repository.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Service.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.ApiData.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Data.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Infrastructure.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Repository.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\WebApi.Service.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Prayen\git\webapitutorial\WebApi.API1\obj\Debug\WebApi.API1.pdb
